I don't really have much to do today so
I've decided to walk into a nice little
town they form these flowers over here
for rapeseed oil pretty cool it's just
such a gorgeous countryside England
really is nice exactly what you might
imagine right now I'm kind of freaking
out though because there's no sidewalk
here look I don't walk much for
transportation and I thought about
getting a cab but I you know I just
wanted to be a little more I don't know
just not lazy i guess but look at this
like there's totally cars coming I feel
like I need to pull over them when i
walk because i might get hit by a car
that person was very nice and look a
student driver I'm really like terrified
that I'm gonna get a hit by car so I've
called a cab to pick me up basically off
the side of the road I don't know he's
gonna find me but whatever so I'm just
gonna stand right here and I'm gonna
wait I have found the cab now and there
goes my cab driver he was a delightful
cab driver I've decided to come into a
town called Stockton heat now I've been
here before it's actually close to where
I was staying not too long ago but you
know it's a nearby city there's a lot to
do so I figure I'd walk around and see
what i could get into I'm really
appreciating the sidewalks right here
very nice I'm looking for something to
do in this lovely town it's very quaint
and then I came across this there's a
wonderful church and it's so old looks
amazing and they have a cemetery in
there and it looks really old and I
love that sort of thing so I'm going to
go check it out if you guys have ever
done this is probably you probably the
same way you look for the oldest
headstone that you can find and just
kind of Honduras person's life and try
and get any clues from from their heads
so that you can as to what they may have
been like what it would have been like
to have lived and died in this part of
the world if indeed that's where the
from see this one's really interesting
because you have like a whole family so
George barlow died here 48 years old in
1887 then marry his wife died here when
she was 90 years old in 1923 so that's
kind of interesting than eighteen
seventies for their daughter and then
you know always the sad ones of course
are the really young ones there marry
their daughter died November 25th 1874
at only three months old six years old
their son died but best I can tell it
looks like most of these graves at the
oldest are going to be like late 1800s I
haven't found much that was before 1870
something so that's the oldest i've been
able to find so far this one looks
pretty old died May of 1851 so that
that's just unbelievable this is the
oldest grave that I found when they died
in 1843 this person right here so that's
pretty amazing I don't know that it's
the oldest one I didn't look at all of
them but that's the oldest i've seen
here if you haven't gone to a cemetery
like an old one especially an old one i
would recommend that you do it do any of
you do that am i weird well i mean all
right you can't answer that i know i'm
weird but am i weird because i visit the
cemetery is what i'm asking